The economy of the server will be wholly player-run. Crafting of mundane items and foods can be done only in a civilized hex. All mundane items (armor, etc.) can be created using the Crafting skill and the original item cost. The crafter must be at least Trained in the Crafting Skill in order to craft mundane items. The Difficulty Class for creating mundane items will be 15. If a critical failure is rolled the item is not created and the gold is used in materials. If a failure is rolled the item is created, but an additional half (½) of the gold cost of the item must be spent. If a success is rolled, the item is created and the gold is spent. If a critical success is rolled the item is created and the player gets one fourth (¼) of the gold cost back. This is only for mundane items. If the item has a level other than 1 add +2 to the DC in creating the item. At most 5 items can be created in one day, per crafter. Alchemical Gear and Magical Gear are not to be made in this way. Another section below this will detail those crafting processes.
For Example, if A player wishes to create a set of half plate armor (18 GP), they roll a 12 on their crafting skill check. The player then has to pay an additional 9 Gold to make up for the failure, coming to a total of 27 gold for the half plate armor. 
If a player tries to make an item, rolls a failing skill check and they do not have the extra currency to make up for the failure they get refunded three fourths (¾) of the gold cost of the item trying to be created. 
If a player wishes to use pre-existing materials to create an item they may do so, taking a discount of one fourth (¼) the item cost. This may be done twice with materials that make sense to be used, discounting half (½) the original price. 
For example: using breastplate to make full plate armor would give a fourth discount to the cost of making the full plate, but using rope or something that makes no sense in giving a discount won’t work. If you do not know, ask a DM.
Using precious materials will work as the Pathfinder system intended and will add the gold cost on top of the mundane cost if the item being crafted is a mundane item.

Alchemical and Magical Gear creation:
	All alchemical elixirs and bombs can only be created using alchemical tools and the necessary formula to do so. Formulas can and will be given out as rewards based on level, meaning if a formula is given out it will be a formula level and the player may decide what item formula it is. For all magical items we will use the Pathfinder rules for crafting.

All crafting will be logged in a #crafting channel on the Apostle Server. Any crafting not recorded will not be recognized by DMs or other players. 

Economy:
	The economy will be run by players completely, few NPCs will sell or make stuff for players so if players need adventuring gear they either have to make it themselves or find another player that can make it for them. Players may create prices for items they make and do not have to adhere to any strict cost rules other than when creating items. Businesses and trade will be added at a later date to this system.
